doc: openthread: remove `overlay-cert.conf` (#8938)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/ug_thread_ot_memory.rst

The values change depending on device type and hardware platform.
Moreover, take into account the following considerations:

> * The sample was compiled using the default :file:`prj.conf` and the corresponding :kconfig:option:`OPENTHREAD_NORDIC_LIBRARY`, :kconfig:option:`OPENTHREAD_THREAD_VERSION` choices.
> * The sample was configured by setting :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSERT` to ``n``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The sample was compiled using:
   
   * The default :file:`prj.conf` and the corresponding :kconfig:option:`OPENTHREAD_NORDIC_LIBRARY`, :kconfig:option:`OPENTHREAD_THREAD_VERSION` choices.
   * The :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_ASSERT` Kconfig option set to ``n``.

```
This doesn't use the CONFIG_LOG set to `n` that was used for certification?

Author: Not currently. Maybe we could think about unifying configurations.
